Dear NAACL members,

The Nominating Committee for the North American Chapter of the
Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL) has chosen the
following candidates for the open positions on the NAACL board with
two year terms beginning January 2018. Additional nominations can be
made until October 31st, 2017.

Note that as per last yearâ€™s constitutional amendment, this year, we
will add three board members to the board, bringing the total number
of board members up to five.

The names below appear in random order.

Chair (one opening):

* Julia Hockenmaier
  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
  http://juliahmr.cs.illinois.edu/

Secretary (one opening):

* Matthew Stone
  Rutgers University
  https://www.cs.rutgers.edu/~mdstone/

* Colin Cherry
  National Research Council Canada
  https://sites.google.com/site/colinacherry/

Board Member (three openings):

* Marie-Catherine de Marneffe
  The Ohio State University
  http://www.ling.ohio-state.edu/~demarneffe.1/

* Marilyn Walker
  University of California at Santa Cruz
  https://users.soe.ucsc.edu/~maw/

* Luke Zettlemoyer
  University of Washington
  https://www.cs.washington.edu/people/faculty/lsz/

* Smaranda Muresan
  Columbia University
  http://www.cs.columbia.edu/~smara/

* Aline Villavicencio
  Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul (Brazil) and University of Essex (UK)
  http://www.inf.ufrgs.br/~avillavicencio/
  
* Joyce Chai
  Michigan State University
  http://www.cse.msu.edu/~jchai/  

Candidate statements will be posted at http://naacl.org/elections/2018/

Additional nominations:

Additional nominations can be submitted until October 31st, 2017. To
make a nomination, three or more NAACL members should send email to
Colin Cherry (colin.a.cherry@gmail.com), the NAACL secretary,
expressing support for the nominee and giving evidence that he or she
will serve if elected. (It is recommended that this evidence consist
of a forwarded email from the nominee containing a candidate
statement, a biographical sketch, homepage URL, and a brief
affirmation of intent to serve if elected.) In addition, the nominees
for Chair should meet the criteria set out in the NAACL constitution.

Election process:

The voting period will begin once the final slate of candidates and
voting instructions are announced (soon after October 31st, 2017),
and is scheduled to close on December 15th, 2017.

Many thanks to the Nominating Committee for doing the hard work of
putting together an excellent slate of nominees.

Nominating committee for the 2018 elections:

* Katrin Erk (chair)
* Julia Hirschberg
* Michael White
* Eduard Hovy
* Matt Post
* Fei Xia

For more information about the NAACL, NAACL officer responsibilities,
and NAACL election procedures, please see the NAACL home page
(http://naacl.org/) and the NAACL constitution
(http://naacl.org/policies/constitution.html).

Lapsed Members:

If you were a member of the NAACL last year or the year before and
wish to participate in these elections, please renew your membership
for 2017 and you will also receive instructions to vote in this
election.

Sincerely,

Colin Cherry
NAACL Secretary
(colin.a.cherry@gmail.com)
