---
layout: post
title: "Call for Bids - AACL/IJCNLP 2020"
root: ../../
---

The 1st Conference of the Asia-Pacific Chapter of the Association for 
Computational Linguistics and the 9th International Joint Conference on 
Natural Language Processing

The Asia-Pacific Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics 
(AACL) hereby invites proposals to host the conference in the Asia-Pacific 
region in November or December of 2020.  At this time, we seek preliminary 
draft proposals from prospective bidders in the Asia-Pacific region. 
Promising bidders will be asked to provide additional information for the 
final selection.

The AACL/IJCNLP 2020 Coordinating Committee will select the General Chair and 
the Program Committee Co-Chairs for the conference. Draft proposals should 
identify a Local Arrangements Chair, who will work with the General Chair and 
the Coordinating Committee to develop a detailed plan and budget.

To facilitate conference organization, bidders may delegate many tasks of 
their choice to a Professional Conference Organizer and/or to the ACL Office 
(Priscilla Rasmussen). Handy bid guidelines, including expense and task list 
templates and additional useful links are provided at: 
[https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/b51QCVARmOHlNEWOfQINd0?domain=aclweb.org](https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/b51QCVARmOHlNEWOfQINd0?domain=aclweb.org) 
[1]. The template for local expenses is available here: 
[https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/3zuECWLVn6ijRQMlHpqcOK?domain=ftp.cs.t...](https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/3zuECWLVn6ijRQMlHpqcOK?domain=ftp.cs.t...) 
[2].

Bid Highlights: Draft proposals include information on the following:

- Location (accessibility; conference venue, e.g., convention center, hotel 
or university; accommodation; dining options)

- Proposed dates. Religious and local national holidays should be avoided, as 
much as possible.

- Local arrangements team (chair/co-chair, committee, volunteer labor, 
registration handling; describing any experience the team has had in 
organizing previous conferences and the number of participants at those 
conferences)

- Local Computational Linguistics community

- Meeting venues (space for sessions, tutorials, workshops, posters, 
exhibits, demos, small meetings and registration)

- High-speed, all-ports-open, easy-to-use internet access

- Audiovisual equipment

- Catering, including breaks, receptions, poster sessions, banquet and 
entertainment (traditionally, dancing for participants at the banquet)

- Local sponsorships

- Local expenses estimates spreadsheet (using template provided, link above)

Evaluation: Proposals will be evaluated according to the following criteria 
(unordered):

- Experience of local arrangements team

- Local CL community support

- Local government and industry support

- Accessibility and attractiveness of proposed site

- Suitability of proposed dates

- Adequacy of conference and exhibit facilities for the anticipated number of 
registrants

- Adequacy of residence accommodations and food services in a range of price 
categories and close to the conference facilities

- Adequacy of expense projections

- Geographical balance with regard to ACL, AACL, IJCNLP and COLING meetings 
in the Asia-Pacific region in the decade prior to 2020 (2008 Hyderabad, 
India; 2009 Singapore; 2011 Chiang Mai, Thailand; 2012 Jeju, Korea and 
Mumbai, India; 2013 Nagoya, Japan; 2015 Beijing, China; 2016 Osaka, Japan; 
2017 Taipei, ROC; 2018 Melbourne, Australia; 2019 Hong Kong, China)

Important Dates:

- October, 2018: Final call for bids

- December 20, 2018: Notify intention to submit proposal

- January 22, 2019: Draft proposals due

- Through February 26, 2019: Feedback to bidders

- March 26, 2019: Final bids due

- April 30, 2019: Bid selected

The selected location for AACL/IJCNLP 2020 will be announced at ACL 2019. 
Please send notifications and draft proposals to: 
aacl-ijcnlp-ccc2020@aclweb.org [3].

Haifeng Wang
Chair of AACL/IJCNLP 2020 Coordinating Committee
Senior Vice President, Baidu

Read more: [https://www.aclweb.org/portal/content/call-bids-aaclijcnlp-2020](https://www.aclweb.org/portal/content/call-bids-aaclijcnlp-2020)

[1] [https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/b51QCVARmOHlNEWOfQINd0?domain=aclweb.org](https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/b51QCVARmOHlNEWOfQINd0?domain=aclweb.org)

[2] [https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/3zuECWLVn6ijRQMlHpqcOK?domain=ftp.cs.toronto.edu](https://protect-au.mimecast.com/s/3zuECWLVn6ijRQMlHpqcOK?domain=ftp.cs.toronto.edu)

[3] mailto:aacl-ijcnlp-ccc2020@aclweb.org