Dear NAACL members,

The Nominating Committee for the North American Chapter of the
Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL) has chosen the
following candidates for the open positions on the NAACL board with
two year terms beginning January 2017. Additional nominations can be
made until October 31st, 2016.

The names below appear in random order.

Treasurer (one opening):

* Matthew Stone
  Rutgers University
  https://www.cs.rutgers.edu/~mdstone/

* Joel Tetreault
  Grammarly
  http://www.cs.rochester.edu/~tetreaul/

Board Member (two openings):

* Philip Resnik
  University of Maryland
  http://www.umiacs.umd.edu/~resnik/

* Steven Bethard
  University of Arizona
  http://bethard.faculty.arizona.edu/

* Ellen Riloff
  University of Utah
  http://www.cs.utah.edu/~riloff/

* Vincent Ng
  University of Texas at Dallas
  http://www.hlt.utdallas.edu/~vince/

Candidate statements will be posted at http://naacl.org/elections/2017/.

Additional nominations:

Additional nominations can be submitted until October 31st, 2016. To
make a nomination, three or more NAACL members should send email to
Colin Cherry (colin.a.cherry@gmail.com), the NAACL secretary,
expressing support for the nominee and giving evidence that he or she
will serve if elected. (It is recommended that this evidence consist
of a forwarded email from the nominee containing a candidate
statement, a biographical sketch, homepage URL, and a brief
affirmation of intent to serve if elected.) In addition, the nominees
for Chair should meet the criteria set out in the NAACL constitution.

Election process:

The voting period will begin once the final slate of candidates and
voting instructions are announced (soon after October 31st, 2016),
and is scheduled to close on December 15th, 2016.

Many thanks to the Nominating Committee for doing the hard work of
putting together an excellent slate of nominees.

Nominating committee for the 2017 elections:

* Mona Diab (chair)
* Rebecca Hwa
* Anoop Sarkar
* Katrin Erk
* Julia Hirschberg
* Michael White
* Eduard Hovy

For more information about the NAACL, NAACL officer responsibilities,
and NAACL election procedures, please see the NAACL home page
(http://naacl.org/) and the NAACL constitution
(http://naacl.org/policies/constitution.html).

Lapsed Members:

If you were a member of the NAACL last year or the year before and
wish to participate in these elections, please renew your membership
for 2016 and you will also receive instructions to vote in this
election.

Sincerely,

Colin Cherry
NAACL Secretary
(colin.a.cherry@gmail.com)
